much are you seriously going to wear
that to the museum so today we're going
to museum we've always wanted to be
guides but we kind of wanted to be
guides in a very different way so we
decided why don't we go to the museum
pretend to be guys I have to say
stupidest and you walk up to somebody
and you say whatever this card is going
to tell you to say I want each lot to
you first
that times go first right I go first
we're picking for each yep no singing
explanation oh come play I am the
janitor say burrito for oh my god
there's no one you did one celibate
is you gonna convince them that it's for
sale actually I'm like really really
afraid of this yeah much more than a lot
of the things that we have done it's
like what am I gonna say okay so here's
the deal we all picked a set of
ridiculous things out of a hat we're
going to have to say to strangers while
pretending to work for the museum this
was by far the most embarrassing episode
we've ever filmed and we were all
terrified
that's funny I'm the janitor here so
it's funny seeing uh seeing this yeah
guys just cleaning up like they do at
night yeah okay since we're just like
being here when it's very clean house
what I do yeah yeah it's very
interesting these are actually all
they're not real which is funny yeah
it's just yeah okay not real I know I
did I like to sing sometimes
what about sometimes I like to imagine
what music would be playing so I like to
sing in front of the painting it's a
beautiful day reminds me of my time when
my mom used to take me to the river yeah
yeah like before we had a washing
machine we would go down to the journal
spend hours there just watching her do
dishes in the log jam kind of reminds me
of the simplified you know you like this
painting this one I'm just a seekers I
actually made this painting or it was
like so I made it before the painting
but then you know he stole my idea
really yeah I made this idea it's pretty
so I know it says it's 1949 but yeah
like I'm pretty sure like I have a
painting that looks exactly like this
one at home but do you think he copied
it up to you yeah yes yeah so I know it
sounds crazy and there's like conspiracy
theory stuff going on but is there
that's what I think I just think there
might be I don't know either a time
machine or something
it's crazy I've been looking at this for
like five minutes and all I can see it
is like it's a mishmash and all I can
see are like as a burrito splash you
know just like a color splash and it's
like very colorful but also the Milan I
don't know if you can see back like
burrito burrito burrito sorry I almost
went to the brush sorry my head like a
huge one
one good my bad sorry I must be craving
a burrito
how much would you offer for this hey
how much would you offer for this one
okay no price of us that's why I'm
asking that's why it's a negotiation now
I don't know I don't follow like prices
with market no idea his work from his
most prominent times range from two
thousand dollars and up with the
millions you say the m-series but this
one is a bargain so that's why I'm
asking
okay then why she I security coverage
even more honestly if I weren't working
you I would try to check myself yeah
sometimes I just prefer it like you get
better perspective sometimes when you
sit down so I don't know like I feel
like I can see more sometimes what's the
difference in light I don't know if you
agree hmm maybe you should
my friends studies rice has been telling
me how the contrast here dreads and
actually what he's telling me that now
doesn't have anything to do with I was
just telling me about his pool but this
little one he claims to have seen it in
Florence like twice actually I think I
hate it I'm not sure I think I actually
love it I think I know what do you think
I felt pretty sure I hate it I think
it's I think the conclusion is that I
basically just looked loved it I think
that's listen what sort of things yeah
yeah I guess I hate it yeah okay I just
said yeah I think I hate it that's the
point
I'm lucky to be joining two together
ah breathe out it feels good
Oh
namaste